[WIP] 0.8 Release Updates (#231)
returntocorp/bento: README.md

    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/returntocorp/bento/master/bento-logo.png" height="100" alt="Bento logo"/>
</p>
<h3 align="center">

>   Find Python 3 bugs delightfully fast without changing your workflow

Author: Trying to respond to feedback that it takes too long to find what Bento is focused on bugs-wise.

Reviewer: See my comment on this line helpfully placed further below by GitHub.

>   Find Python 3 bugs delightfully fast without changing your workflow

Author: I'm supportive. I played with these and it does get a bit verbose:

> Find Python web app bugs delightfully fast without changing your workflow

Thoughts?

>   Find Python 3 bugs delightfully fast without changing your workflow

Reviewer: 👍 I think it’s more clear and shows more focus.

>   Find Python web app bugs delightfully fast without changing your workflow

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Find Python web-app bugs delightfully fast, without changing your workflow
```

https://www.probizwriters.com/PBW-blog/index.php/hyphenating-phrasal-adjectives/

This also got complicated enough that I think the comma is warranted.

  <span> · </span>
  <a href="#usage">Usage</a>
  <span> · </span>

>   <a href="#workflows">Workflows</a>

Author: Workflows and Usage read as being the same thing to me.

Author: Usage and Workflows are two separate sections. My comment is that these two sections, based on title alone, seemed confusable and confusing. Is it ok to you to have both Usage and Workflows sections, or should we choose names for these sections that are conceptually farther apart?

Reviewer: Ah, thanks for the clarifications. Looking again at the content within, I like how you’ve organized. I think having two sections, Usage and Workflows, is completely fine, however based on the content I suggest keeping an Integrations section specifically for CI instructions/samples. Not sure if that would make the “menu” at the top too long.

Author: Added an integrations link to the CI section.

  </a>
</p>

> Bento is a free bug-finding tool that runs locally when you commit code. It has speciality checks for common Python 3 web frameworks and OSS checks for Docker and shell files.

Author: Supportive of this edit. Will do!

> - **Find bugs that matter.** Bento runs its [own checks](#bento-checks) and OSS tools to catch actual bugs. Checks are fine-tuned based on performance across thousands of PyPI projects, and Bento never reports style-related issues.

Author: How about "behavior"?

> - **Find bugs that matter.** Bento runs its [own checks](#bento-checks) and OSS tools to catch actual bugs. Checks are fine-tuned based on performance across thousands of PyPI projects, and Bento never reports style-related issues.

Reviewer 3: Yeah, I'm supportive of that. Is there a reason we're hesitant to make the stronger claim about precision?

  </a>
</p>

Bento is a free bug-finding tool that runs locally when you commit code. It has speciality checks for common Python 3 web frameworks and OSS checks for Python, Docker, and shell files.

- **Find bugs that matter.** Bento runs its [own checks](#bento-checks) and OSS tools to catch actual bugs. Checks are fine-tuned based on their behavior across thousands of PyPI projects, and Bento never reports style-related issues.
- **Keep your workflow.** Unlike other tools you won’t have to fix existing bugs to adopt Bento. It takes 30 seconds to get started and coding again.

> - **Go delightfully fast.** Bento runs its tools in parallel, not sequentially, on the code you’ve changed. Its jobs run entirely locally when you commit your code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Go delightfully fast.** Bento runs its tools in parallel, not sequentially, on the code you’ve changed. Its analysis runs entirely offline when you commit your code.
```

^ above suggestion based on a few points of feedback

Bento is a free bug-finding tool that runs locally when you commit code. It has speciality checks for common Python 3 web frameworks and OSS checks for Python, Docker, and shell files.

> - **Find bugs that matter.** Bento runs its [own checks](#bento-checks) and OSS tools to catch actual bugs. Checks are fine-tuned based on their behavior across thousands of PyPI projects, and Bento never reports style-related issues.

Reviewer: 👍

$ bento init
```

> This configures Bento for yourself only. See [Team Use](#team-use) to setup Bento for all contributors.

Author: ```suggestion
This configures Bento for you only. See [Team Use](#team-use) to setup Bento for all contributors.
```

### Upgrading
> Docker is a requirement for Bento 0.8+.

Run the following commands to upgrade Bento:

```bash
$ pip3 install --upgrade bento-cli
$ cd <PROJECT DIRECTORY>

> $ rm -r ~/.bento .bento* && bento init

Author: Most releases have been breaking thus far. Can I fine-tune this on the next release when it becomes relevant again?

> $ rm -r ~/.bento .bento* && bento init

Reviewer 3: Can we add this line, too?
"The last line removes all Bento artifacts, since this version of Bento stores them differently. It will remove old archived findings."

> $ rm -r ~/.bento .bento* && bento init

Author: Done! See below.

- `2`: Bento ran successfully and found issues in your code
- `3`: Bento or one of its underlying tools failed to run

## Workflows

### Individual Use
Bento configures itself for personal use by default. This means that it:

1. Automatically checks for issues introduced by your code, as you commit it

> 2. Only affects you; it won’t change anything for other project contributors

Author: Tried to address this.

> Initialization enables `autorun` behind the scenes, which can be configured using:

Author: ```suggestion
Initialization enables `autorun` behind the scenes, which can be done manually using:
```

> Initialization enables `autorun` behind the scenes, which can be configured using:

Reviewer: `autorun` doesn’t need to be configured right? This is only if one would want to disable and potentially re-enable later?

Author: Yes. Seemed like a place to tease the feature and for people to learn that it could be made non-blocking. Perhaps I should add that instead?

Reviewer: I think just rephrasing it from “can be configured” to “can be disabled or enabled” should do it. I think the specific word “configured” is what tripped me up.

```bash
$ bento [ enable|disable ] autorun
```

> These feature rely on pre-commit Git hooks. If these hooks incorrectly block your commit, you can skip them by passing the `--no-verify` flag to Git at commit-time (please use this sparingly):

Author: ```suggestion
This feature makes use of Git hooks. If the Bento hook incorrectly blocks your commit, you can skip it by passing the `--no-verify` flag to Git at commit-time (please use this sparingly, all hooks will be skipped):
```

```bash
$ git commit --no-verify
```

### Team Use
To setup Bento for all contributors of a project, add Bento's configuration to Git (it is ignored by default):

```bash
$ cd <PROJECT DIRECTORY>

> $ git add --force .bento .bentoignore

Reviewer 3: shouldn't they also remove it from gitignore?

Author: We're modifying their global `.gitignore`, so I was thinking in this case it should stay so other project's don't get opted-in to Bento. Thoughts?

Reviewer 3: Good point. I validated that after running `--force`, git does in fact track the file even if it's in a collaborator's global .gitignore. Nice find!

```

#### Running Locally
Contributors can run Bento for themselves using the project's configuration via:

```bash
$ bento init
```

#### Running in CI/CD
Running Bento in CI requires the use of several speciality flags due to differences in environment and installation locally versus remotely.

With your Bento configuration committed, you can script Bento via:

```bash
$ pip3 install bento-cli && bento --version
$ bento --agree --email <YOUR_EMAIL> check --comparison archive
```

> The `--comparison archive` flag will surface issues that have not been added to the archive using `bento archive`; this behaviour differs from Bento running locally on staged files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `--comparison archive` flag will surface issues that haven’t been added to the archive using `bento archive`; this behaviour differs from Bento running locally on staged files.
```

- `2`: Bento ran successfully and found issues in your code
- `3`: Bento or one of its underlying tools failed to run

## Workflows

### Individual Use
Bento configures itself for personal use by default. This means that it:

1. Automatically checks for issues introduced by your code, as you commit it
2. Only affects you; it won’t change anything for other project contributors or modify Git state

Initialization enables `autorun` behind the scenes, which can be configured using:

```bash
$ bento [ enable|disable ] autorun
```

> This feature makes use of Git hooks. If the Bento hook incorrectly blocks your commit, you can skip it by passing the `--no-verify` flag to Git at commit-time (please use this sparingly, all hooks will be skipped):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature makes use of Git hooks. If the Bento hook incorrectly blocks your commit, you can skip it by passing the `--no-verify` flag to Git at commit-time (please use this sparingly since all hooks will be skipped):
```

```bash
$ git commit --no-verify
```

### Team Use
#### Running Locally

> To setup Bento for all project contributors, add Bento's configuration to Git (it’s ignored by default):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To setup Bento for all project contributors, add Bento’s configuration to Git (it’s ignored by default):
```

```bash
$ cd <PROJECT DIRECTORY>
$ git add --force .bento .bentoignore
```

Contributors can run Bento for themselves using the project’s configuration via:

```bash
$ bento init
```

#### Running in CI/CD

> Bento in CI analyzes your entire project, not just the latest commit. So that you don't have to fix all existing issues before making Bento blocking, it supports a tech debt `archive` where historical issues can be tracked and ignored during CI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bento in CI analyzes your entire project, not just the latest commit. So that you don’t have to fix all existing issues before making Bento blocking, its `archive` feature allows historical issues to be tracked and ignored during CI.
```

> To configure Bento so that it only fails for new issues, first create the archive:

Reviewer: It’s CI that only fails for new issues, not Bento, right?

Author: Bento in CI, without an archive, will fail for ALL issues (needs a baseline to know what's a new vs. old problem).

Bento locally fails for new issues, but not historical ones, because of how autorun is configured.

Reviewer: Maybe I’m getting confused by the term “fails” here because now we’re also talking about CI. Bento fails causing CI to fail right? Is “Bento fails” the right phrase? That to me implies exit codes, hangs, ctrl-c, etc. Looking to see how we’ve used similar phrasing elsewhere, I think we say things like “Bento finds issues” or “checks fire” and so on, but not usually that “Bento fails” when it finds issues?

```bash
$ cd <PROJECT DIRECTORY>
$ bento archive --comparison archive
```

> Commit Bento's configuration to the project:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Commit Bento’s configuration to the project:
```

1. Automatically checks for issues introduced by your code, as you commit it
2. Only affects you; it won’t change anything for other project contributors or modify Git state

Initialization enables `autorun` behind the scenes, which can be can be enabled or disabled using:

```bash
$ bento [ enable|disable ] autorun
```

This feature makes use of Git hooks. If the Bento hook incorrectly blocks your commit, you can skip it by passing the `--no-verify` flag to Git at commit-time (please use this sparingly since all hooks will be skipped):

```bash
$ git commit --no-verify
```

### Team Use
#### Running Locally
To setup Bento for all project contributors, add Bento’s configuration to Git (it’s ignored by default):

```bash
$ cd <PROJECT DIRECTORY>
$ git add --force .bento .bentoignore
```

Contributors can run Bento for themselves using the project’s configuration via:

```bash
$ bento init
```

#### Running in CI/CD
Bento in CI analyzes your entire project, not just the latest commit. So that you don’t have to fix all existing issues before making Bento blocking, its `archive` feature allows historical issues to be tracked and ignored during CI.

> 

Reviewer: I think the change in line 158 is definitely more clear and I suggest grouping that text with its preceding paragraph.

> To configure Bento so that it returns a non-zero exit code for new issues, rather than all existing issues, first create the archive:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the `archive` feature so Bento returns a non-zero exit code only for new issues, rather than all existing issues, first create the archive:
```

- `2`: Bento ran successfully and found issues in your code
- `3`: Bento or one of its underlying tools failed to run

## Workflows

### Individual Use
Bento configures itself for personal use by default. This means that it:

1. Automatically checks for issues introduced by your code, as you commit it
2. Only affects you; it won’t change anything for other project contributors or modify Git state

Initialization enables `autorun` behind the scenes, which can be can be enabled or disabled using:

```bash

> $ bento [ enable|disable ] autorun

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
$ bento [enable|disable] autorun
```

```

> This feature makes use of Git hooks. If the Bento hook incorrectly blocks your commit, you can skip it by passing the `--no-verify` flag to Git at commit-time (please use this sparingly since all hooks will be skipped):

Reviewer 2: Do you want to add anything re. `bento enable autorun --no-block`?

```bash
$ git commit --no-verify
```

### Team Use
#### Running Locally
To setup Bento for all project contributors, add Bento’s configuration to Git (it’s ignored by default):

```bash
$ cd <PROJECT DIRECTORY>
$ git add --force .bento .bentoignore
```

Contributors can run Bento for themselves using the project’s configuration via:

```bash
$ bento init
```

#### Running in CI/CD
Bento in CI analyzes your entire project, not just the latest commit. So that you don’t have to fix all existing issues before making Bento blocking, its `archive` feature allows historical issues to be tracked and ignored during CI.

To use the `archive` feature so Bento returns a non-zero exit code only for new issues, rather than all existing issues, first create the archive:

```bash
$ cd <PROJECT DIRECTORY>

> $ bento archive --comparison root

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
$ bento archive .
```

Reviewer 2: Trailing path is necessary to run on entire project

```

Commit Bento’s configuration to the project:

```bash
$ git add --force .bento .bentoignore
```

You can then add Bento to your CI scripts:

```bash
$ pip3 install bento-cli && bento --version

> $ bento --agree --email <YOUR_EMAIL> check --comparison archive

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
$ bento --agree --email <YOUR_EMAIL> check --comparison archive .
```

Reviewer 2: Trailing path is necessary to run on entire project

Author: Is the `cat` needed here too?

```

If you use CircleCI, the above commands become:

```yaml
version: 2.1

jobs:
    bentoCheck:
    executor: circleci/python:3.7.4-stretch-node
    steps:
      - checkout
      - run:
          name: "Install Bento"
          command: pip3 install bento-cli && bento --version
      - run:
          name: "Run Bento check"

>           command: bento --agree --email <YOUR_EMAIL> check --comparison archive

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
          command: bento --agree --email <YOUR_EMAIL> check --comparison archive . 2&>1 | cat
```

The redirect and cat suppresses progress bars

Author: I'll file a ticket for cleaning this up a bit, this whole thing seems a bit messy to me and I wonder if we can add some optional fields to `.bento/config.yml` that'll clean it up (CI-specific configs or something).

```bash
$ git commit --no-verify
```

### Team Use
#### Running Locally
To setup Bento for all project contributors, add Bento’s configuration to Git (it’s ignored by default):

```bash
$ cd <PROJECT DIRECTORY>
$ git add --force .bento .bentoignore
```

Contributors can run Bento for themselves using the project’s configuration via:

```bash
$ bento init
```

#### Running in CI/CD
Bento in CI analyzes your entire project, not just the latest commit. So that you don’t have to fix all existing issues before making Bento blocking, its `archive` feature allows historical issues to be tracked and ignored during CI.

To use the `archive` feature so Bento returns a non-zero exit code only for new issues, rather than all existing issues, first create the archive:

```bash
$ cd <PROJECT DIRECTORY>
$ bento archive .
```

Commit Bento’s configuration to the project:

```bash
$ git add --force .bento .bentoignore
```

You can then add Bento to your CI scripts:

```bash
$ pip3 install bento-cli && bento --version

> $ bento --agree --email=<YOUR_EMAIL> check --comparison=archive . 2>&1 | cat

Reviewer 4: `bento --agree --email=test@returntocorp.com check --comparison archive --no-pager . 2>&1 | cat`
This is exactly what we have for [bento-core](https://github.com/returntocorp/bento-core/pull/544) and [echelon-backend](https://github.com/returntocorp/echelon-backend/pull/3930). So overall looks good!

Author: Looks like `bento-core` and `echelon-backend` both differ, can we update?

Reviewer: @dlukeomalley @ulziibay I see a discrepancy?
line 181: 
`bento --agree --email=<YOUR_EMAIL> check --comparison=archive . 2>&1 | cat`
`bento --agree --email=<YOUR_EMAIL> check --comparison archive --no-pager . 2>&1 | cat`
above is from @ulziibay comment
